# DataVisualizationC
Hanoi people in particular, and Vietnamese people in general, many
people know about the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam, Vietnam\'s
first university. This is the place to worship Confucius, saints and
masters of Confucianism. In 1070, the Temple of Literature was built in
the second year of the reign of King Ly Thanh Tong. The position of
Temple of Literature has a positive and developmental meaning: according
to the I Ching, the south is the fire element, the fire element
symbolizes literature. The purpose of building the Temple of Literature
in the south of the capital is to further literature, education, and
knowledge of the country\'s scholars, in accordance with traditional
Eastern feng shui. In 1076, King Ly Nhan Tong established the Quoc Tu
Giam site next to the Temple of Literature. The first university in
Vietnam was born. In the early days, the school was a place only for the
children of the king and the children of noble people to study, so it
was called Quoc Tu. The first person to study here was Prince Ly Can
Duc, son of King Ly Thanh Tong and Nguyen Phi Y Lan. The Temple of
Literature was repaired by King Ly Anh Tong in 1156 and worshiped only
Confucius. In 1253, King Tran Thai Tong changed Quoc Tu Giam into Quoc
Hoc Academy, expanding it and allowing the admission of children of
commoners who excelled in their studies. Chu Van An was appointed Quoc
Tu Giam Tu Nghiep (principal) during the reign of King Tran Minh Tong
and was a direct teacher for the princes. He died in 1370, then King
Tran Nghe Tong worshiped him at the Temple of Literature next to the
place worshiping Confucius.

The architecture of the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam was changed
through feudal dynasties. Many details and architecture have been
restored but are still based on the fundamental spirit of Confucian
ideology. It can be said that the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam is
a unique architectural work, it not only contains cultural elements but
is also a wonderful creative achievement of the ancients with unique
Vietnamese style. In the spirit of inheriting the ancient idea of
education, the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam today is decorated
quite beautifully. Entering from the three-entrance gate, on both sides
there are parallel sentences in Chinese characters to enliven the Quoc
Tu Giam.

![](vertopal_d4432e4d6c45411b9f7d26cb97fe0fc2/media/image1.png){width="5.333333333333333in"
height="3.8229166666666665in"}

From the main gate of Van Mieu, the first space is the entrance area,
followed by the second straight line which is Dai Trung Mon. On par with
Dai Trung Mon are Thanh Duc Mon and Dai Tai Mon. Dai Trung Mon is made
in the style of three compartments, built on a high brick foundation,
with a tiled roof. The middle of the gate hangs a small sign with the
three words \"Dai Trung Mon\" written on it.

![](vertopal_d4432e4d6c45411b9f7d26cb97fe0fc2/media/image5.png){width="3.247726377952756in"
height="4.3303018372703415in"}

In the campus of the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam, there is an
extremely unique architectural work with symbolic meaning, which is Khue
Van Cac. The straight path from the Temple of Literature to the main
gate extends straight to Khue Van Cac, which is a square floor with 8
roofs, including 4 upper roofs and 4 lower roofs, built on a square
floor paved with Bat Trang tiles about 1 meter above the ground. The
architectural design of Khue Van Cac is very harmonious and unique. The
lower floor has 4 square pillars, carved with intricate rattan and leaf
patterns. The upper floor is built of highly durable terracotta or sand
lime. The four corners of the floor are made of wood. The four sides of
the wall are covered with wooden boards, each side has a round door with
wooden supports symbolizing the star Khue. According to the I Ching, odd
numbers(1,3,5,7,9,..) belonging to the positive part, represent
fertility. Khue Van Cac has eight roofs which are bagua, with one
additional roof above which is nine, showing an extremely positive
architecture. According to ancient beliefs, the square Thien Quang well
represents the earth, Khue Van Cac\'s circular window symbolizes the
sky, meaning that this place is a gathering place of the essence of
heaven and earth, promoting a cultural education center of Viet Nam.

![](vertopal_d4432e4d6c45411b9f7d26cb97fe0fc2/media/image4.png){width="4.098958880139983in"
height="4.2322583114610675in"}

![](vertopal_d4432e4d6c45411b9f7d26cb97fe0fc2/media/image2.png){width="3.8165398075240593in"
height="5.098958880139983in"}

The 82 doctoral steles currently located in the Temple of Literature -
Quoc Tu Giam Relic Area have long been considered one of the extremely
valuable cultural heritages. The value and uniqueness of the 82 Doctoral
steles are the texts engraved on the steles. On each stele there are
essays composed by the most famous literary men of the dynasty.
Moreover, the lotus motifs decorated on the ancient stone stele is the
symbol of the Buddhist spirit is a flower that carries the noble
qualities of Buddhism. In particular, the lotus-shaped carvings on the
steele\'s forehead, with changes in style and composition, show the
sophistication of the ancients when depicting the pure qualities of the
sages recorded at the Temple of Literature. The basic philosophies of
building the country, defending the country, preserving culture,
developing education, and training talented people of the dynasties\...
still remain valid these days.

![](vertopal_d4432e4d6c45411b9f7d26cb97fe0fc2/media/image3.png){width="4.9003083989501315in"
height="6.536458880139983in"}

In conclusion, the spiritual and artistic elements of the Temple of
Literature are an extremely rich source of ancient capital, inspiring
creativity for those who are passionate about traditional national arts.
This is a place containing unique cultural values, a place where
Vietnamese talented people are recorded, a place where Vietnam\'s
original spirit has been preserved for thousands of years.
